>> Speaker 1: In addition to our primitive
values, we also have fundamental objects.
And by the way, this is a terminology that
I think was somewhat recently introduced
in this spec.
And these used to be referred
to as built-in objects or
maybe even native functions.
I've referred to these
historically as native functions.
I think they're more commonly now
referred to as fundamental objects.
So whichever phrase works for
you, pick and choose.
But if you're reading this spec, and
you see something like a fundamental
object, that's where this comes from.
So what are these fundamental objects,
are they types?
Sort of, but not really.
This is like the kind of bolted on
object orientedness of JavaScript,
the almost Java-like
mutation of JavaScript
where we have in all of those cases
where we have primitive values,
we now also have object representations
with similar behaviors.
Like in Java when you
want to make a string and
you call it new capital S string,
we have things like that in JavaScript.
I don't think you should use them, but
I do think you should understand them.
So these are the ones where you really
should absolutely use the new keyword,
Object, Array, Function, Date,
Regular Expression, Error.
If you need to construct an object
of that fundamental type,
then use new Object, or
new Array, or new Function.
Probably the key one here that I would
use would be new Date, for example.
But there are other ones that are
fundamental objects which could be used
with new, but I'm gonna tell you you
should definitely not use them with new,
and that is these three,
string, number, and Boolean.
They can be used with new to
construct the objects of this form.
You should absolutely never do that.
You should use them only as functions,
not as constructors.
And when we talk about
later in coercion and
you'll understand the usefulness of them.
But String, Number, and
Boolean when used as a function coerce any
value to that respective primitive type.
That is a far more useful utility of those
than the fact that they can construct
this weird Frankensteiny object.
So an example here again Date,
I would say new Date
to construct the date object why
because there is no date literal.
If you want to make dates,
you have got to do new Date.
That might be the only reason why I think
we should keep the new operator around
because I need to make dates from time to
time and that is the only way to do it.
I do hope that maybe someday
they add a date literal.
But, we don't have that yet.
So I can construct dates, but if I have
something that is not already a string,
for example, if I got a JSON object
back that had myGPA from college in it,
here I am telling you what
myGPA in college was.
If I got back a JSON object,
that was my transcript from college and
it had myGPA in it, but
I needed to represent it as a string,
capital S string function does that and
does it well.
It converts it to that
string representation.